GA4 documentation updates (#731)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/destinations/streaming-destinations/google-analytics-4/google-analytics-4-cloud-mode.mdx

## FAQ

### I’ve set up GA4 as a destination in RudderStack but I’m not seeing the expected data flow through in the GA4 dashboard. What should I do?

To view the events sent to GA4, go to your [Google Analytics](https://analytics.google.com/) dashboard and navigate to **Reports** > **Realtime**.

> While the events typically show up within a few seconds, note that it can take GA4 up to 24 hours to process their data, and not all types of data flow through to its real-time dashboard. It may be best to consult GA4’s FAQs for the most up-to-date information on its latest capabilities and limitations.

Author: ```suggestion
While the events typically show up within a few seconds, note that it can take GA4 up to 24 hours to process their data, and not all types of data flow through to its realtime dashboard. It may be best to consult GA4’s FAQs for the most up-to-date information on its latest capabilities and limitations.
```
